Release 0.91 doc update (#2407)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rdi/troubleshoot.md

  ```bash
  # outputs the list of installed packages
  pip freeze > requirements.txt

  # updates all packages
  pip install -r requirements.txt --upgrade
  ```

### Problems with `create` command

The following problems can occur when running the `create` command:

- **No network access to Redis Enterprise API**
  - Verify your CLI host can indeed resolve the DNS entry you use (if applicable) `dig <HOSTNAME>`.
  - Verify you have access to the specified ip:port `telnet <IP ADDRESS OF SERVER PC> <PORT>`.
- **Using a Redis Enterprise user with the wrong role**

  User must have roles of either `DB Member`, `Cluster Member` or `Admin`.

- **Trying to connect to the Redis Data Integration DB without an Ingress Controller path**

  When running Redis Enterprise on Kubernetes, each Redis DB has a service that is created only after the DB had been created. In order to connect with the CLI from outside of Kubernetes and configure the Redis Data Integration DB, you need an `Ingress` resource for your Redis Data Integration database and `Ingress Controller` running on the Kubernetes cluster.

>   A Kubernetes `Service` and `Ingress` are mutually exclusive. So if your database has a `Service` you should remove it and add an `Ingress` resource. Read [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) for more information.

Reviewer: Suggested a comma here. I'm also not sure about using "so" to start the second sentence. Maybe we can just remove it, replace it with another word, or rework these sentences a bit.
```suggestion
  A Kubernetes `Service` and `Ingress` are mutually exclusive. So if your database has a `Service`, you should remove it and add an `Ingress` resource. Read [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) for more information.
```

>   **Alternatively, Just run the CLI withing the Kubernetes cluster as described [here](../installation/install-k8s.md).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Alternatively, you can run the CLI within the Kubernetes cluster as described [here](../installation/install-k8s.md).**
```
Or maybe:
```suggestion
  **Alternatively, you can run the CLI on the Kubernetes cluster as described [here](../installation/install-k8s.md).**
```
